Colors:
    King #eaeaca
    Castle #c9dce6
    Laboratory #edd4fb
    Heroes #e6cbc9
    Upgrades #c2e4c2

Game
    10 mana = 1 second
    Initial mana is 120 seconds
    4 lists, they auto-add sleep actions 1s at a time when out of other actions
    Player actions

Layout
    Top left is War view. top 2/3rds is war map, bottom 1/3rd is castle
    top-right is list, right of that is Options
    Bottom panel is tabbed on the left, tabs are King, Castle, Upgrades, Laboratory, Heroes
    Lists are King, Units, Castle, Laboratory

King
    Has exp and a level
    Split into physical and mental stats
    Mental stats + physical cap increases per level
    Physical stats have additional "current", which gets +1 per enemy unit kill until you've reached cap
    Has Actions, which all take 2 seconds and happen when clicking their icon elsewhere
    Has talent points, which can be distributed in a talent tree & reset freely
    Actions
        Train Strength - recover 1 str, up to cap. Takes 2 seconds. Wis improves.
        Train Constitution - recover 1 con, up to cap. Takes 2 seconds. Wis improves.
        Train Agility - recover 1 agi, up to cap. Takes 2 seconds. Wis improves.
        Grow Trees - costs magic, gives trees after time. Takes 5 seconds. Wis improves.
        Collect taxes - 2x rate until action changes. Takes 2 seconds. Wis improves.
        Visit Loggers - 2x rate until action changes. Takes 2 seconds. Cha improves.
        Inspire Troops - temp buff to units around him. Takes 5 seconds. Buff applies at end of 5 seconds. Cha improves.
        Direct Masons - 1.5x building rate. Cha improves.
        Wait for... - X seconds have passed, or you have X gold, X wood, X mana

Stats
    Strength - melee dmg in combat, affects actions
    Constitution - health in combat, affects actions
    Agility - map travel speed, affects actions
    Wisdom - affects actions
    Charisma - affects actions
    level up gives 1 to each stat, and +3 to spend wherever


Castle
    Has buildings, that can queue in Building List
    Requires:
        + Gold, cost gold - Tax Collector. Builds in 10 seconds, adds points to a progress bar, req 100/200/300... points to get gold
        + wood, cost gold - Woodcutter's Hut
        + magic, cost wood - Laboratory
        + ranged units, cost wood -
        + melee units, cost wood -
        + siege units, cost wood & magic -
    Buildings are all selected in the Castle layout area
    Castle Tab contains information on results of buildings
        PB of woodcutitng
        PB of tax collecting
        PB of unit building
        Info on units
        PB on healing
        Info on remaining resources




Research
    Has "Gather Mana" action, which adds Magic to a progress bar, req 1000/2000/3000... points,


Heroes
    You get 1 hero to start - Archer
    Heroes level like the King, but faster, w/o talents, and the exp doesn't stick around
    Tab shows stats
    Each hero has it's own health, and can be healed if coming back to base

Combat
    Multiple battles can happen at once
    Each battle has 2 sides, shown on the map
    Ranged attacks first, then melee
    Portions of units can die mid-combat
    Exp to King + Heroes for every enemy unit killed
    Damage is spread over both units and heroes

Units list
    Takes 2 seconds to order a unit to do anything. Unit starts moving at beginning of 2s
    Units move to target (can be re-routed mid-travel)


Buildings list


Research list


War Map
    4 camps and 1 fort
    Each minute, a new camp starts sending to your castle


Days
    When a War Map is completed, you go to Day N+1, starting from a new castle (same initial conditions except heroes and king's physical stats).
    You can re-do previous days