Xianxia tropes:

Son of the town leader bullying someone
Carriage about to trample a kid
Auction house plot
larger sect bullying the smaller one
forced marriage
tournament for right to marry

Levels
Early stage, mid stage, late stage, peak

Qi condensation
Foundation Establishment
Core Formation
Nascent Soul
Divine Soul
False Immortal
Earth Immortal
Heaven Immortal
Golden Immortal
God
God King
God Emperor


Cultivation Method types: Mortal, Profound, Spirit, Earth, Sky, Emperor, Tyrant, Sovereign, God

Physical types: Copper, Iron, Bronze, Silver, Gold, Jade, Mithril, Heavenly, Divine


Elements
Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal, Water

Items
Weapons - Sword, Spear, BO Staff
Talismans - passive buffs, can have 1 of each element at a time

Game:
Goals:
    1. Get more gold - can be used to buy items / pills (boosts) / plants (boosts) / cores / maps
    2. Cultivate - Gain unrefined Qi and refine Qi (based on quality of cultivation), can use cores to add unrefined Qi, plants for elemental-specific unrefined Qi
    3. Read scrolls - Improve Cultivation Method (limited by quality of the scroll)
    4. Body Refinement - Improve max health/current health/boost efficiency, slowly removes impurities (based on cultivation)
    5. Qi Circulation - Convert refined Qi into purified Qi, removes impurities
    6. Train Arts - Improve arts (based on cultivation + body)
    7. Fighting - Do better based on cultivate, body, arts, combat, and items
        6a. Fight monsters - Repeat endlessly, gain beast cores, find plants, that can be sold or refined
        6b. Quests - Random quests available that take 5-60 minutes and give a choice of rewards at the end
        6c. Tournament - Much longer quest, potentially shitty rewards, potentially much better rewards
        6d. Lost Tombs - Requires a map, gives scrolls and arts as rewards
    8. Forge Items - Imbue items with cores
    9. Build Sect - Improve and gain from followers

General:

Choose which Dao (cultivation method) to cultivate. Choices are based on element, unrefined gain rate, max unrefined rate, refine rate, max cultivation base, impurity rate
Switching cultivation methods loses all unrefined
Use refined Qi to either improve Cultivation Base as a lump cost, or recover purified Qi (of that element)
If you have more unrefined than your base can handle, you can refine twice as fast for half the efficiency
Improving cultivation base unlocks more features and powers you up, increases the amount of purified Qi you can store, increases the default rate of purified Qi gain
Powerups are both element specific and total, with the first breakthrough giving a higher benefit to the totals
Purified Qi (mana) is used to for Arts (spells)

Combat:
Combat is always 1 vs Many.
Combat is idle, but you can add conditions to determine what to do in different situations (complicated)
Each person (including you) has an Engaged meter. When an engaged meter is filled, continuous damage is applied to the next target
Each additional enemy has a penalty to their engaged meter.
Some arts can slow, freeze, quicken, or reset the engaged meter.
Some arts are long range, and can start damaging at half the engaged meter.
Some arts are multi-target, and can target everyone engaged with you
Enemies typically have 1 art, which they start using when engaged
Enemy groups typically have 1 element
Dying/losing exits the activity and adds impurities
Health is continuous and regens slowly, but arts can regen it much better
Arts have a cast time, but most are near-instant. Casting arts doesn't interrupt the continuous damage


Quests:
    Will appear based on Cultivation Base
    Quests expire after 10 minutes, new ones show up every 5 minutes / (1 + 1.05^informants)
    3 random ones appear at a time to start, with a refresh timer of 10 minutes.
    Some quests have a rare "Hire as informant" that increases number of quests visible, up to 20.
    Quests have:
        Title & Desc (hint at rewards)
        # waves
        Total # enemies
        Approx Difficulty
        Element (if applicable)
    Quests should take 5-60 minutes
    All quests have a choice of 2+ rewards at the end
    Reputation is a quest-specific resource that reduces shop prices and enables features like tournament / certain rewards
    Reputation can go negative, which would increase prices
    Common reward choices: Gold, Pills, Cores, Reputation
    Rare reward choices: Informant, Merchant (gold/s), Scrolls, Maps, Arts, Weapons, Plants
    Quest Types:
        Kidnapped Daughter - Bandits have taken her! Get her back
            Rewards: Gold, Reputation (How can I ever repay you?)
        Lost Son - Monsters are closing in! Please save him
            Rewards: Cores, Rep-cost: Plants, Reputation (Thank you for saving me, you can have the cores)
        Small Town Famous - Don't you know who I am? You'll regret this!
            Rewards: Gold, Pills. Rare: rep-cost Informant
        Son of a Lord - Don't you know who my father is? You'll regret this!
            Rewards: Rep-cost: Informant, Gold, Pills. Rare: rep-cost merchant
        Auction Time - The Auctioneer is being blackmailed to not sell to you. Fix that first
            Rewards: Reputation, Buy cheap cores and pills. Chance to buy rare Items, Plants.
        Forced Marriage - Using their strength, they want a peerless beauty to give up her lifestyle
            Rewards: Merchant, Rep-cost: Informant, Reputation. Rare: rep-cost: arts
        Greedy Fool - Merchant put economic pressure on someone he's weaker than. Protect him!
            Rewards: Rep-cost: Merchant, Informant, Pills. Rare: rep-cost: plants
        Greedy Bastard - A merchant is putting economic pressure on me because he's stronger! Stop him!
            Rewards: Merchant, Informant, Reputation. Rare: rep-cost: Maps
        Lost Apprentice - I sent him for herbs and he hasn't come back!
            Rewards: Plants, Rep-cost: Cores, Gold. Rare: Rep-cost: Talisman
        Merchant Escort - Only a small chance of bandits, I swear.
            Rewards: Merchant, Informant, Pills, Gold. Rare: Weapons
        Assassin in the Night - An enemy of yours sent assassins to kill you. Return the favor.
            Rewards: Informant, Reputation. Rare: weapons, talisman
        Rumors of a Flower - A villager saw a glowing flower. Hunt it down!
            Rewards: Plant, Rare: talisman
        Old Man's Last Wish - Kill the monsters he swore veangence on
            Rewards: Gold, Pills. Rare: Plants, Scrolls, Maps, Arts, Weapons
        I'm No Bystander - Get in the middle of a feud between villages
            Rewards: Reputation, rep-cost: scrolls, rep-cost: arts
        Cultists of the Deep - Sacrifices and tentacles. Not cool
            Rewards: Talismans, Pills. Rare: Scrolls, Arts
        Cultists of the Woods - Using monsters to attack, they must be stopped
            Rewards: Talismans, Pills. Rare: Scrolls, Plants
        Cultists of the Forge - Their 'art' causes insanity. Don't look too closely!
            Rewards: Talismans, Pills. Rare: Scrolls, Weapons
        Cultists of the Sun - Raving lunatics. Mostly just super annoying.
            Rewards: Talisman, Pills. Rare: Scrolls, Reputation
        Cultists of the Cliffs - Bandits in disguise.
            Rewards: Talisman, Pills. Rare: Scrolls, Gold

Elements
    Wood - Bind & Protect
    Fire - Single target & Multi-target
    Earth - Bind & Multi-target
    Metal - Protect & Enhance
    Water - Single Target & Heal

Wood Arts
    (Bind) Roots
    (Protect) Barkskin
    (Bind) Poison Needles
    (Multi-target) Thorns

Fire Arts
    (Single Target) Scorch
    (Single Target) Incinerate
    (Multi-target) Flame Wall
    (Multi-target) Flame Breath

Earth Arts
    (Bind) Spike
    (Multi-target bind) Quake
    (Multi-target) Rift
    (Multi-target) Shatter

Metal Arts
    (Protect) Jade Skin
    (Protect) Shield Arm
    (Enhance) Iron Lungs
    (Enhance) Blade Connection

Water Arts
    (Single target) Icicle
    (Multi-target Bind) Freeze
    (HOT) Blood Flow
    (Heal) Close wounds

Start of game:
You have a water scroll, and can cultivate it. You have 1 scroll art
You have a copper sword in your inventory you need to equip
You complete the first quest and get the Blood Flow Art


Questions: training/improving arts?
    NO to individual training
    Power boosts related to element-specific stage
    Qi cost reduced by # meridians
    Art scrolls have higher costs / power

Credit:
<a href="http://www.onlinewebfonts.com">oNline Web Fonts</a>
<a href="https://www.clipart.email/">clipart.email</a>
